Transfer DevExtreme React Template docs (#853)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/50 React Components/02 Create a DevExtreme Application/10 Layouts.md

> The application includes two layouts that differ in the toolbar location:

Reviewer: I don't understand what you want to say. Are you saying there are two locations in the toolbar or two different layouts?

Author: There are two layouts, and the only difference between them is where the toolbar is located.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The application includes two layouts. The only difference between them is where they are located on the toolbar.
```
